Add more detailes to the level-6 EaaS use case (#1675)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/trial_getting_started/examples/eaas/_index.md

alwaysopen = false
+++

# Level 6: Environment as a Service

This example demonstrate how to use {{< param product_name >}}  [Service Component]({{< relref "working_with/service_composition/" >}}) to manage development and production environments.

The [Service Component]({{< relref "working_with/service_composition/" >}}) is a node template that encapsulates a different deployment. The blueprint from which the Service Component deployment is created, as well as the new deployment's inputs, can be determined dynamically, during runtime.

> In this example we use a stack based on Kubernetes , Postgress as the DB and S3 as the storage system. Each of those services is referenced by a seperate service component.  The exact blueprint per component is determined at runtime based on the environment type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we use a stack based on Kubernetes, Postgress as the DB, and S3 as the storage system. Each of those services is referenced by a separate service component.  The exact blueprint per component is determined at runtime based on the environment type.
```

> In a case of development environment were using a single instance per service and can also run all those services in a single VM. In the production case were using a fully managed version of those services with EKS as the Kuberentes cluster, RDS as the managed DB. and S3 as the managed storage services as illustrated in the diagram bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of a development environment, we are using a single instance per service and can also run all those services in a single VM. In the production case, we are using a fully managed version of those services with EKS as the Kubernetes cluster, RDS as the managed DB, and S3 as the managed storage services as illustrated in the diagram below.
```
